feat: new split_to_map udf (#5563)
confluentinc/ksql: docs/developer-guide/ksqldb-reference/scalar-functions.md

of the string, or there are contiguous delimiters,
then an empty space is added to the array.

### `SPLIT_TO_MAP`

```sql
SPLIT_TO_MAP(input, entryDelimiter, kvDelimiter)
```

Splits a string into key-value pairs and creates a map from them. The 

> 'entryDelimiter' splits the string into key-value pairs which are then split by 'kvDelimiter'. If the same key is present multiple times in the input, the latest value for that key is returned. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`entryDelimiter` splits the string into key-value pairs which are then split by `kvDelimiter`. If the same key is present multiple times in the input, the latest value for that key is returned. 
```

> Returns NULL f the input text is NULL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns NULL if the input text is NULL.
```
